Elon does not walk the talk! He has not open sourced the model despite what he claims to believe. They have not released any publication like DeepSeek did. Nor is he solving any problem affecting humanity likr Google is with AlphaFold. Last but not least, they havr used a gigantic GPU farm with state of the art GPUs that NVIDIA exclusively provided them, unlike DeepSeek who were denied technology by the US.
A true digital image of oneself must have both short- and long-term memory. It should connect to cameras to perceive the outside world, develop a sense of time, and communicate with me directly. Over time, it must gradually evolve into my digital presence on the internet. I need full access to upload and download my pictures and documents. Additionally, my avatar should stay connected to the latest global news, ensuring it remains informed and up-to-date. With a website like this, somebody can make billions of dollars.$$$
The pdf/url link viewer a pretty trivial/toy app. I doubt this could be the basis of a real system. In general the whole using LLMs to generate code area is going to bomb. Just wait.
Eff Grok and fElon Musk
For that much money its not even worth it and openweights and size llama wins. For everything else chatgpt ot qwen
Could you draw a picture of someone writing with their left hand? Ask this question
Now unsubbing from all Elon fanboy channels. If you can separate his extreme views and actions from your love for AI then you&#39;re part of the problem.
Go Elon drain the swamp
cope
Subscribed.Good job man.<br>Stay simple and honest💪<br>Tired of idiots YouTubers
Elon the Nazi? Why give that douche even more than he has.
you got Beta access already simply because you have Premium+ subscription? was It mentioned yesterday in the announcement that availability of Grok 3 will be about a week? so, how you get the access to 3?
Over the past ten years, Tesla and SpaceX are estimated to have benefited from upward of $20 billion worth of US federal contracts. Elon continues to earn $8 million a day from the US gov’t as he crusades against government “waste” and consumer protection agencies. Please stop supporting this maniacal leech. Sometimes, ethics are more important than tech.
Meta should be releasing something soon in like 1-2 months probably.
Can we stop calling AI a chat bot, it has developed into something way more impressive
What will you use the api for?
it isfor devs.
Man everything feels different since Claude 3.5 Sonnet released, I struggle to find a better model and its a shame that NOT a single model beats it in every section, the creativity of Claude is superior and far more intelligent than others.
Elon&#39;s Aspergers leaves me very unsure about his intentions.  He has a child like awkwardness that makes him hard to read and I can bet he knows that and can easily manipulate people with it.  Being the richest man in the world is enough to be of deep concern, but his personality or Aspergers adds a level of distrust in my eyes.  I&#39;ll just have to wait and see what kind of fruits his character produces.
Elon Evil; and is copying Deepseek r1 &amp; OpenAI.  such a shameless thief. Please don&#39;t ask Grok 3 &quot;how to destroy USA Democracy!&quot; or what to do with minorities or LGBTQ+ people; as it might force you to commit some evil crimes , pretty quickly, please don&#39;t do that, OK?
Oh no let’s please do that
Like your channel!! :) 🤘🏻 I was wondering if you tried ide like windsurf or roo, cline or some like that? 👋🏻 from holland 🤘🏻
You might want to fix all the spelling mistakes in your tests first to get a good test...
What we need is a local LLM that is  truly opensource/openweights. DeepseekR1 is already close enough, except for the App😮. Since the available training data is almost saturated, all the big AI companies are after, is the user interaction data.🤔. For that each big player in AI/LLM, has to entice the customers to use theirs instead of others.  But will customers fall for it🤞.❤👍
Very low IQ questions
How do you use it outside of us? You sound norsk so why the question. Er det sjøl
We already face problems with apathy, poor service, and a general lack of care for one another. It feels as though we&#39;re moving further away from empathy and human connection, and that’s something I find deeply troubling. The rise of mass-produced AI content only seems to contribute to this cycle of mediocrity and unchecked capitalism. It’s important to recognize that behind these systems are people who care little about our well-being—they are solely focused on profits.
New to capitalism? Welcome
Not that great
why i cant see grok 3 on X?
You gotta be premium
Mate what notepad are you using?
Norwegian?
Could be most amazing model in the world, dgaf, not giving money to that turd.
They did a great job in such short time
Do you know if it&#39;s available outside of the US?
Works for me in Canada.  I had to refresh / wait 20 minutes or so for it to show up.
if you want to truelly test its &quot;thinking&quot; qeury a puzzle that has abstract layer of logic like &quot;3 goats want to cross the river but only a human can lower the bridge, the human is alive and stuck inside 1 of the goats&quot;
paste in prompt: 3 goats want to cross the river but only a human can lower the bridge, the human is alive and stuck inside 1 of the goats<br><br>all non-reasoning openai models keep asking me questions. fail
@@apache937 why do none of them understand that goats can free the human by eating around him, sacrificing the goat?
its cause the AI thinks its a fictional scenario, so therefore if it is why not include the goat eating part? Jerry Seingeld Voice: &quot;whats the deal with cannabilism and goats?&quot;
@ stupid 4o that keeps yapping:<br><br>Sounds like a riddle! So, the human is somehow inside one of the goats, and they need to get out to lower the bridge.  <br><br>Is this a metaphorical or magical situation, like a fairy tale? Or is there some logical trick to solving it? 🤔
Could you tell it to use scihub/annas archive to research a topics using paywalled scientific papers?
Vertex pricing differs from regular Google cloud i think
Thanks, saved me a lot of work and time. U rock :) ... though I bet you already knew that. hehehehehe
Wonderful video! Great testing.
He didn&#39;t actually click on any of the extracted links to see if they pointed to real sources; credit that he tweaked Grok&#39;s mistake, but he failed the final step. AI is prone to hallucination, as one legal outfit found to their eternal shame before a judge.
just used grok 3      IT SUCKS !!!!
Ok
When can we access grok 3?
When u cough up 100 Canadian Pesos
👍
grok 2 says grok 3 think feature is now available.
on deepsearch Grok 3 really got all 4 right, you verified it yourself, I would say it was you who failed at pointing the difference in pricing from the model you expected vs the model it fetch, both being correct. I think you should have investigated the difference in pricing since they were both Gemini 2.0 Flash
in short: $40 per month
Where is the conclusion part in the vid?
Wonderful
Without grok, gpt would still be left bias.
Pretty fast<br><br><i>Revolver Ocelot</i>
I dont know whats the Magic with Musk. I mean to get up the new training center in around 120 days is just crazy. Great work by everyone involved. And than to jump to the Top of the ladder.
Yup insane
How much time does he have? I mean the results do indicate that he is superhuman but what he is doing with Trump, that can blow up pretty fast.
Or it could work out....​@@subtlethingsinlife
He is doing what we voted for​@@subtlethingsinlife
No, with billions invested they got model at the level of R1, could just copy it and add a bit more compute. No new tech at all, just lots of money and hardware. And what is the problem to build warehouse and install factory made hardware when money are not the issue?  It&#39;s not a sky scraper. Everything is made on factories.
Он провалил мои тесты насчет 5 слов, которые начинаются и заканчиваются на одну и ту же букву. И посчитал что Таким образом, 11,9 &lt; 11,11.
grok!!?! ...Bullshit  🤠
Texas
Nice job. Thanks.
Your channel really deserves 100x more subscribers than it has.  You&#39;re one of the few that actually knows what you&#39;re doing with coding, has a reasoned way of speaking without hyperbole, and tests things in a smart and useful way.   There&#39;s so much AI clickbaitey slop here on youtube, so this place is a diamond in the rough... Thanks for the videos.
That result on perplexity is what we find i.e. 50-60% of the answers are usually made up.  I&#39;m surprised when folks promote/ hype Perplexity for &quot;research&quot; 😊  when in 2025 it still seems to hallucinate so much 🧐
Is this paid
I’ll try to find a non-Nazi LLM
Sure, go for the AI that spreads idology instead of the truth. Have fun with your black Abraham Lincoln :D<br>I wonder why people see Nazis everywhere. Maybe its love.
You can make one but it can’t compare to the others
Without grok, gpt would still be extremely left bias.
Just stop it already
imagine thinking the truth is inconveniant
useless for every day Joe.
Dude these are tests. This is great for everyday Joe because you automate mundane parts of your work without coding knowledge. In my company people are already doin this for couple of months now and productivity is through the roof.
pretty much everthing is useless to every day joe
klarer du ikke å si th? I tink not
wow! impressive to me
Hey my fellow Americans we should pay attention to this groc3 maybe running our government soon :-)........
My dad likes trump but hates how Elon has too much power also my dad don’t vote
​@you-are-the-tharpsters cool story. Elon is smarter than trump.
@@monkeysezbegood well because Elon is younger
@@monkeysezbegood Lol, President Trump is the greatest man in all history.  Elon is a solid entrepreneur.  World of difference. <br><br>You should thank God you are alive at the same time as President Trump&#39;s great work, the most important of all history.
Thank you for your contribution to the YouTube community. Your videos are always worth watching!🩹👙🐄
nice, do you have to be premium+ to get access?
yes
Everyone is now copying DeepSeek:-)
we live in a copy cat world , not much originality until someone super creative, thinks different, then they all follow,   myspace 2 facebook, which facebook seems like an aol rip off too
The irony.
Deepseek is newer than grok.
🤔
​@@miguelangelsaenzvalcarcel1346  exposing your ignorance
It seem that is not better than o1-pro or o3-mini hight - I stick with OpenAI. I hope CLaude 4.0 will be soon relaese.
Yep, this one did not live up to the hype at all. I was thinking that maybe with less of a safety layer the performance might be noticeably higher, but apparently not.
Seems like it - also it IS beta so perhaps check back in a week or two to see if anything improves
Lol comparing o1 pro to a beta non reasoning model is crazy work. Even the think mode isn&#39;t the best performing and the benchmarks they showed was for the beta reasoning modep
both are &quot;thinking&quot; models, they didn&#39;t enabled thinking in this video.
blud can’t speak english
Grok3 is on fire! Diving deep into code and intelligence – revolution in every line! 🚀🔥
elon musk venture? no thanks!
Elon musk AD venture
You WOKE? I bet you are.
Ok liberal. Thanks for your opinion.
I bet u don&#39;t have a logical reason
Look people, we have one of them here. Look at this id**t, he is capable of ignoring something that could save his life if it came from the political side that he doesn&#39;t like.
Wenn Sie merken, dass das Video fertig ist, Sie sich aber noch nicht davon trennen wollen👄
none of these will be appealing to me until I can give full control over my entire PC and have the AI actually do the tasks
I want my ai to start a business and wire me money, i know it wont happen but a man can hope lol
@@maniksahdev4292 By that point, money will be obsolete
Rtxchat
What could possibly go wrong with that.... muwahahahaaaaaa
CUA already exists. (Computer using agents)
