Very good video. Please please make a video about the most advanced RAG/CAG/KAG techniques.
So helpful for me as I build my agentic system
noice noice very good
Love this overview video on your research thinking on the latest trend! Thank you<br>This triggers my long time suspicions on the correlation on computing complexity theory, such that some high complexity problems are not computable to an optimized solution. Intelligence may be the answer to a well restricted search space!
Thank you, teacher...
I created a pedagogical bot that is amazing and incorporates your teachings. Breaks down intent -&gt; breaks down the solution -&gt; answers the question, all pedagogically. If you want the preview of it to test I can send it :).
I’d love to see it. I’m taking all the videos here and creating an agent to help me learn understand more deeply at the level that I’m at and guide my work in agent, Creation, This is my general approach to any topic in learning now. So fascinating and helpful!
@tk0150  sorry I didn&#39;t see this earlier. If he doesn&#39;t mind the self promotion. I do a break down of the logic on my latest video.
Ive been starting my day with your videos, its a great way to get in the headspace to research and experiment further. Thanks!
Great insights on AI! Loving how the 03 and Stanford&#39;s S1 models are pushing boundaries in deep reasoning. Optimizing agents for complex tasks is definitely a game-changer.
This recap beautifully synthesized all of your videos, and it gave me, a non-techie, a good grasp of what you&#39;re trying to convey to your audience. Yes, please make this weekly overview a permanent feature 🙏
Absolutely fucking beautiful recap!!! Sometimes I miss a lecture (or two, sorry : ( but this really helped to tie things together and fill in the parts I missed this week. I hope you can do this on a fairly regular basis (assuming we keep having beautiful weeks like this, and if you saw Dave Shap&#39;s video on the Fast Takeoff that we have all been waiting for &lt;as it occurs&gt;, then you have probably already concluded that we will). As usual, I&#39;m looking forward to your next Discovery in AI. Thank you.
Yes, aside from buying and business, there could be fact checking, and constructing a shared knowledge graph for governance, voting for principles and policies instead of personalities and political parties.
I’d love to hear more about the shared knowledge graph for governance idea. It’s something I’ve thought about testing.
Thank you.
